# Panzer-Earth-gauge-VB6
 A FOSS Earth VB6 Widget for Windows.
 
The Panzer Earth VB6 gauge is a simple utility displaying a rotating earth in a
dieselpunk fashion on your desktop. It can be resized and placed anywhere on 
your desktop. It uses minimal resources and helps give your desktop a 
dieselpunk make-over. 

This widget's functionality is limited as it is just a template for widgets yet
to come, however, it can be increased in size, animation speed can be changed, 
opacity/transparency may be set as to the user's discretion. The widget can 
also be made to hide for a pre-determined period.
 
Right-click on the widget to display the function menu, mouse hover over the 
widget and press CTRL+mousewheel up/down to resize. It works well on Windows XP 
to Windows 11.

This version was developed on Windows 7 using 32 bit VisualBasic 6 as a FOSS 
project creating a WoW64 widget for the desktop. 

It is open source to allow easy configuration, bug-fixing, enhancement and 
community contribution towards free-and-useful VB6 utilities that can be created
by anyone. The first step was the creation of this template program to form the 
basis for the conversion of other desktop utilities or 'widgets'. A future step 
is new VB6 widgets with more functionality and then hopefully, conversion of 
each to RADBasic/TwinBasic for future-proofing and 64bit-ness. 

This utility is one of a set of steampunk and dieselpunk widgets. That you can 
find here on Deviantart: https://www.deviantart.com/yereverluvinuncleber/gallery

I do hope you enjoy using this utility and others. Your own software 
enhancements and contributions will be gratefully received if you choose to 
contribute.

CREDITS:

I have really tried to maintain the credits as the project has progressed. If I 
have made a mistake and left someone out then do forgive me. I will make amends 
if anyone points out my mistake in leaving someone out.

MicroSoft in the 90s - MS built good, lean and useful tools in the late 90s and 
early 2000s. Thanks for VB6.

Olaf Schmidt    - This tool was built using the RichClient RC5 Cairo wrapper for 
VB6. Specifically the components using transparency. Thanks for the massive 
effort Olaf in creating Cairo counterparts for all VB6 native controls and 
giving us access to advanced features on controls such as transparency.

Shuja Ali @ codeguru for his settings.ini code.

ALLAPI.COM        For the registry reading code.

Rxbagain on codeguru for his Open File common dialog code without a dependent 
OCX - http://forums.codeguru.com/member.php?92278-rxbagain

si_the_geek       for his special folder code

Elroy on VB forums for the balloon tooltips

Harry Whitfield for his quality testing, brain stimulation and being an 
unwitting source of inspiration.


LICENCE AGREEMENTS:

Copyright © 2023 Dean Beedell

In addition to the GNU General Public Licence please be aware that you may use 
any of my own imagery in your own creations but commercially only with my 
permission. In all other non-commercial cases I require a credit to the 
original artist using my name or one of my pseudonyms and a link to my site. 
With regard to the commercial use of incorporated images, permission and a l
icence would need to be obtained from the original owner and creator, ie. me.